Park Hyatt Beijing - Service was excellent and just a minor complaint in the last night where there was no second face towel and no cream was replaced. Other than that we thought the service was fantastic. Special kiddos goes to Jenny Zhang during breakfast and Gary at the concierge downstairs entrance. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Love it’s location 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Amazing. GM and Manager of the Grille restaurant are both outstanding. Very welcoming as are all the staff. Good location if you are in Beijing on business. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Excellent Hyatt attentive service! 2-days prior, called Hotel Concierge to book car pick-up from Airport. Mr Hunter Ma followed through all the way to check-in Room ! 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Clean room gym and changing room. 
But the design layout of sauna room should improve. The heater uses up half of the room entrance. Floor tile at entrance cracked. This is undesirable unpleasant and very dangerous. 
Shower of changing rooms: mould smell. Toiletries in shower cubicles a bit lousy. A cubiclexwithout cloth hanger. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Conveniently located on 2 metro lines The hotel has been recently re-modeled although personally I prefer the previous styling which felt more luxurious.

Friendly staff, and good breakfast. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Cold service, does not try to accommodate simple requests. Better alternative in Beijing, would not suggest Park Hyatt. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Park Hyatt is a  great hotel and my room was fantastic. The only problem is that the lobby was under renovation, forcing a rerouting via another floor meaning one had to take three elevators to get in and out of the hotel. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - The way the lifts are arranged is terrible. I had to change lifts 3 times before I get to my room. The price for lunch is insane. They only had very expensive staffs such as Grade A steak rmb 780 for lunch?? you believe that?? WiFi sucks 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Better communications with the on going renovations should be deliver to customers prior to booking - we just realised the hotel is on reno upon arrivals and we will need to change 3 lifts to get from Ground floor to our rooms. There has been drilling sounds at 6am , 4 Nov Sunday and that’s disturbing. 
One more comment is the temperature of your shower water , it tends to get either really hot or cold. 
Other than those , service and room size is excellent but I will prefer other hotels in my next visit . 
Park Hyatt Beijing - A very convenient spot for business and great staff and restaurants. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - good stay 
Park Hyatt Beijing - good 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Was disappointed that its such a high rating, but the facilities were not equal to the price. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Upon arriving, the bell staff stood there until the taxi told them we were checking in. The property is undergoing renovation, so you have to take several elevators before getting to your floor. It’s very confusing. Scarlett was the one checking us in, and she did not greet us, or even crack one smile. She handed us the keys and told us where the elevator was, and that’s it. Other receptionist walked the guests to the rooms, and explained the hotel. When I got to my room, I realized she put me in a room which I did not book, and was much smaller. Once I asked to be moved, THAT room smelled like urine and the carpet in the room was completely soaked, and smelled horrible. They insisted to throw towels on top of it and see how it goes!! I had to call a manager and demand to be moved. The “afternoon tea” which is included, was just some chips and nuts at a bar. Such poor quality! There was a piece of broken glass on the sofa I was sitting on! This Park Hyatt is so disappointing on so many levels, and simply does not meet the standard of other 5 star hotels. I do not recommend this place until renovation is done, and staff takes hospitality training. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - NOT GOOD.  BAD ACTUALLY. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Great experience at park hyatt Beijing. Very convenient to local shops and nice view. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - The location is very good, just next to the subway Guomao station, from the mall to the subway, but the door is in the middle of the office building, you need to look for it. Park Hyatt has a typical style, but the hardware is damaged. Careful maintenance is required. The service staff can have more temperature. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - It was clean and the staff was very responsive. The elevator to the room was complicated, but it was patient and the breakfast was not bad. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - It is connected to Guomao station, so transportation is convenient The room is spacious and clean. The view is also good. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Comfortable and clean 
Park Hyatt Beijing - It was a very comfortable and wonderful hotel. The room was large and well equipped, and I was able to relax. It was kept clean and comfortable. Equipment such as towels and soap is also of high quality. It happened that my birthdays overlapped during my stay, and I was surprised to receive a birthday card and cake in my room. I was happy. Thank you very much. I would like to stay again when I visit Beijing. The location is directly connected to the basement of Trading Country Station on the subway, making it very convenient for both Tiananmen and the airport. The rooms on the upper floors are the best with a panoramic view of the city. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - A comfortable room with a nice view. Hope the troublesome multiple changes of elevators to reach the ground/room can be resolved after the renovation. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - The rooms are in condition and the overall hotel atmosphere, the stay was comfortable and satisfactory, but the level of service of the staff was disappointing. Not to mention the breakfast room, even the front desk staff can't communicate well in English. I made a reservation with breakfast, but when I checked in, it was not included, so I searched through the email and the travel agency found out all the travel vouchers and checked them in front of me. There are a lot of regrets. China will also get better in the future. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - My family and I stayed in this hotel for ten nights. The location of the hotel is nothing to say, the subway is directly connected to the commercial floor of the basement of Yintai Center where the hotel is located. All the food, clothing, shelter and transportation can be found in Yintai Center, which is extremely convenient. My room faces Chang'an Avenue, and I can see the sunset every day. The hotel staff will try their best to meet your requirements and find a good plan for you. And will care about your needs every day. The fruits are varied every day, the room is clean, and you feel very comfortable when you enter the room. Also, the swimming pool is worthy of praise. Although the price of the hotel is not low, the facilities and services of such a location are good value for money. Will choose this hotel next time to Beijing. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - The Park Hyatt is a great hotel in a good area in that the hotel has direct access to the metro and the area is close to the main attractions. Otherwise, the surrounding area is not picturesque even though shopping is limitless.  The hotel rooms are spacious, clean and luxurious. Especially good gym and spa. I recommend. 
Park Hyatt Beijing - Great stay in a great luxury hotel 
